ROADMAP.md, before:

# Reposible Roadmap

## MVP Focus — Visual Pipeline Builder

The MVP centers on a drag-and-drop visual pipeline builder. Users build end-to-end pipelines on a canvas (nodes and connections), with round-trip import/export to YAML.

## Visual roadmap

```mermaid
timeline
    title Reposible Roadmap

    Q1 — MVP  : App ready with secure sign-in
              : Drag-and-drop pipeline builder + YAML import/export
              : Create, edit, and save pipelines in the builder
              : Run pipelines locally with live status and logs
              : Connect GitHub to auto-run on pushes and PRs

    Q2 — Enhancements : Better dashboard, notifications, and search
                      : Smoother builder: auto-layout, groups, version history, YAML/JSON editing
                      : More Git options: GitLab
                      : Ready for production and easy to self-host
```

### Core objectives for MVP:

- Visual builder with pan/zoom, drag-and-drop steps, draw valid connections, and edit step settings in place.
- One pipeline format (version 0) we validate with Zod. JSON is the source; YAML converts to and from it without losing info.
- Import YAML into the canvas and export it back to YAML with nothing lost (including step order).

## Q1 — MVP: Visual Builder, Local Runs, GitHub Integration

### Goals

- ✅ App ready with secure sign-in
- ✅ Drag-and-drop pipeline builder + YAML import/export
- ✅ Create, edit, and save pipelines in the builder
- ✅ Run pipelines locally and watch live status and logs
- ✅ Connect GitHub to auto-run on pushes and PRs

## Q2 — Enhanced UX, Advanced Features, Self-hosting

### Goals

- ✅ Better dashboard, notifications, and search
- ✅ Smoother builder: auto-layout, groups, version history, YAML/JSON editing
- ✅ More Git options: GitLab
- ✅ Ready for production and easy to self-host

Commit message:

docs: update roadmap for Q3/Q4 2025 and Q1 2026 goals

ROADMAP.md, after:

# Reposible Roadmap

## MVP Focus — Visual Pipeline Builder

The MVP centers on a drag-and-drop visual pipeline builder. Users build end-to-end pipelines on a canvas (nodes and connections), with round-trip import/export to YAML.

## Visual roadmap

```mermaid
timeline
    title Reposible Roadmap

    Q3 2025 (in progress)  
            : App ready with secure sign-in
            : Drag-and-drop pipeline builder + YAML import/export
            : Create, edit, and save pipelines in the builder

    Q4 2025 (planned) 
            : Run pipelines locally with live status and logs
            : Smoother builder; auto-layout, groups, version history, YAML/JSON editing
            : Connect GitHub to auto-run on pushes and PRs

    Q1 2026 (planned)
            : Better dashboard, notifications, and search
            : More Git options; GitLab
            : Ready for production and easy to self-host
```

### Core objectives for MVP:

- Visual builder with pan/zoom, drag-and-drop steps, draw valid connections, and edit step settings in place.
- One pipeline format (version 0) we validate with Zod. JSON is the source; YAML converts to and from it without losing info.
- Import YAML into the canvas and export it back to YAML with nothing lost (including step order).

## Q3 2025 — MVP: Visual Builder Foundation

### Goals

- ✅ App ready with secure sign-in
- ✅ Drag-and-drop pipeline builder + YAML import/export
- ✅ Create, edit, and save pipelines in the builder

## Q4 2025 — Local Runs, Smoother Builder, GitHub Auto-runs

### Goals

- ✅ Run pipelines locally with live status and logs
- ✅ Smoother builder: auto-layout, groups, version history, YAML/JSON editing
- ✅ Connect GitHub to auto-run on pushes and PRs

## Q1 2026 — Dashboard, Notifications, More Git, Self-hosting

### Goals

- ✅ Better dashboard, notifications, and search
- ✅ More Git options: GitLab
- ✅ Ready for production and easy to self-host
